Add nRF54H20 BICR generation support (#19056)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/nrf54h/ug_nrf54h20_custom_pcb.rst

We highly recommend using the PCB layouts and component values provided by Nordic Semiconductor, especially for clock and power sources, considering the following limitations:

* The DC/DC inductor must be present on the PCB for any of the supported power schemes.
  Use one of the following power supply options:

  * VDDH higher than 2.05V.
  * VDDH shorted to VDD at 1.8V

* For the lowest sleep power consumption, use a 32 KHz crystal.
* The **P9** port cannot be used with internal or external pull-down resistors.
* For optimal performance, the output impedance of the **P6** and **P7** ports should match the PCB and external device pin impedance.

Prepare the configuration files for your custom board in the |NCS|
******************************************************************

> It is recommended to use the nRF Connect for VS Code extension to generate a custom board skeleton.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `nRF Connect for VS Code Extension Pack`_ to generate a custom board skeleton.
```

> You may also use the nRF54H20 DK board files found in :file:`sdk-zephyr/boards/nordic/nrf54h20dk` as a reference point for configuring your own custom board.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the nRF54H20 DK board files found in :file:`sdk-zephyr/boards/nordic/nrf54h20dk` as a reference point for configuring your own custom board.
```

BICR allows for the configuration of various components on your custom board, like the following:

* Power scheme
* Low-frequency oscillator (LFXO or LFRC)
* High-frequency oscillator (HFXO)
* GPIO ports power and drive control
* Tamper switches
* Active shield channels

> You can find the details in the BICR configuration file scheme in :file:`sdk-zephyr/soc/nordic/nrf54h/bicr/bicr-schema.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the details in the BICR configuration file scheme in :file:`sdk-zephyr/soc/nordic/nrf54h/bicr/bicr-schema.json`.
```

> When BICR has never been programmed, all the registers' contain ``0xFFFFFFFF``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the BICR has not been programmed, all the registers contain ``0xFFFFFFFF``.
```

BICR configuration
==================

The nRF54H20 DK BICR configuration can be found in the board configuration directory as :file:`sdk-zephyr/boards/nordic/nrf54h20dk/bicr.json`.
This file is used by the |NCS| build system to generate a corresponding HEX file.
The scheme for this file can be found in :file:`sdk-zephyr/soc/nordic/nrf54h/bicr/bicr-schema.json`.

.. caution::
   A mismatch between the board and the configuration values in BICR can damage the device or set it in an unrecoverable state.

Generate the BICR binary
========================

To generate the BICR binary, you must first set the Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SOC_NRF54H20_GENERATE_BICR` to ``y``.

> When running ``west build`` for ``cpuapp`` core, the build system then creates the relevant HEX file (:file:`bicr.hex`) at build time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running ``west build`` for the ``cpuapp`` core, the build system creates the relevant HEX file (:file:`bicr.hex`) at build time.
```

.. note::

>    If the build system cannot locate the ``bicr.json`` file inside your custom board's directory, the build system will skip it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the build system is unable to locate the :file:`bicr.json` file inside your custom board's directory, the build system will skip it.
```
